Add optional response to ASGI app context (#750)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/integrations/asgi.md

We allow to extend the base `GraphQL` app, by overriding the following methods:

> - `async get_context(self, request: Union[Request, WebSocket], response: typing.Optional[Response] = None) -> Any`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `async get_context(self, request: Union[Request, WebSocket], response: Optional[Response] = None) -> Any`
```

- `async get_root_value(self, request: Request) -> Any`
- `async process_result(self, request: Request, result: ExecutionResult) -> GraphQLHTTPResponse`

## get_context

`get_context` allows to provide a custom context object that can be used in your
resolver. You can return anything here, by default we return a dictionary with
the request and the response.

> ```python3

Reviewer 2: `python3` is equivalent to `python`. No need for this change

Reviewer 2: Also should change the new code block below to use `python` instead of `python3`

Then we use the context in a resolver, the resolver will return "1" in this
case.

### Setting response headers

It is possible to use `get_context` to set response headers. A common use case might be cookie-based user authentication,

> where your login mutation resolver needs to respond with e.g. `Set-Cookie: token=secret-token`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
where your login mutation resolver needs to set a cookie on the response.
```

> This is possible by updating the response dict contained inside of the `Info` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is possible by updating the response object contained inside the context of the `Info` object.
```

```python3
@strawberry.type
class Mutation:

>     @strawberry.field

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    @strawberry.mutation
```

>     def login(self, info: Info) -> bool:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    def login(self, info) -> bool:
```

We don't have a well typed info object yet and adding it might cause confusion.

Reviewer: we do have it :D https://github.com/strawberry-graphql/strawberry/releases/tag/0.45.4

Reviewer 3: Oh my mistake! Ignore me then
